# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [1.0.7] - 09-03-2023

## REACT
### Modules
- **Accordion**: Add GptAccordion Component
- **Accordion**: Issue](https://github.com/users/GabinRimbault/projects/4?pane=issue&itemId=37407309) - Add Accordion Component (Composite)

## SCSS
### Base
- **_accordion**: Added `accordion` class.

## [1.0.6] - 09-02-2023

## REACT
### Modules
- **Carousel**: Issue](https://github.com/users/GabinRimbault/projects/4?pane=issue&itemId=37407309) - Add Carousel Component (Composite)

## SCSS
### Base
- **_list**: Added `gpt-list` class.

## [1.0.5 - 09-01-2023

## REACT
### Modules
- **Cards**: Issue](https://github.com/users/GabinRimbault/projects/4?pane=issue&itemId=37407309) - Add Cards Component (Composite)

## SCSS
### Utils
- **_variables**: Added `$color-grey5` variable.

### Modules
- **_cards**: Added `cards` class.
- **_sidebar**: updated `sidebar` class.

## [1.0.4] - 09-01-2023

## REACT
### Modules
- **BlocInformation**: [Issue](https://github.com/GabinRimbault/sf-front/issues/2) - Resolved


### Base
- **Table**: [Issue](https://github.com/users/GabinRimbault/projects/4?pane=issue&itemId=37407309) - Add Table Component (Composite)

### Navigation
- **SideBar**: [Issue](https://github.com/users/GabinRimbault/projects/4?pane=issue&itemId=37407309) - Add SideBar Component (Composite)


## [1.0.3] - 08-31-2023

## REACT
### Modules
- **Cards**: Added Cards.Header, Cards.Body, and Cards.Footer. This component now becomes a composite component.
- **Footer**: Added className to the Footer component.
- **HeadBar**: Icons are now optional.
- **HeadProduct**:  Changed image sizes.
- **ProgressBar**: Now takes an integer parameter instead of a string.

### Base
- **Tag**: Can now contain a link.


## SCSS
- Add Prism.JS

### Modules
- Refactored CSS class names.
- Added gray colors to variables.
- Added the font file.


## [1.0.2] - 08-27-2023

## REACT
### Modules
- **Alert**: Added the `additionalContent` property to include additional content through a React component.
- **Cards**: The component is now a composite component and has three sub-components:
  - **Cards.Header**: The header of the card containing the `children` property.
  - **Cards.Body**: The body of the card containing the `children` property.
  - **Cards.Footer**: The footer of the card containing the `children` property.
- **GptCards**: Component that surrounds the Cards to ensure they are properly placed and automatically aligned correctly.

## SCSS
### Utils
- **_variables**: Addition of several variables for font-size and font-weight.

### Base
Added a `margin-top: 15px;` to certain components.

- **_tag**: The class now has a `rounded` property.
- **_cards**: Changes in the class related to react functionality.

### Global
- Addition of the **_font** file (refer to the file for more details)

### Modules/General
- Modification of **_alert** to match the React modification.
npm 
## [1.0.1] - 08-27-2023

## REACT
### Base Component
- **Code**: Component that displays code content.
- **List**: Now converts a.href to Links.to.

### Navigation
- **HeadBar**: Added the `data` property for passing navigation bar links.

### Product
- **HeadProduct**: Replaced cat images with fakeimg.

## SCSS
### Utils
- **_variables**: Added the `$color-grey2` variable.**

### Base
- Addition of the **_code** file (refer to the file for more details)

## [1.0.0] - 08-26-2023

## REACT
### Base Component
- **Lame**: Container component with 100% width
- **List**: Now manages received links

The Block components have been renamed to modules and organized hierarchically.

### General:
The General folder contains global components.
Tabs added via 2 new components:
- **GptTabs**: Contains all tabs in the tab group
- **Tabs**: Tab that includes the provided React components

### Navigation
The Navigation folder contains navigation components.
Added the Footer component and a HeadBar:
- **Footer**: Allows for a footer at the bottom of the page
- **HeadBar**: Superior to the NavBar, this HeadBar is ready to be used

### Product
The Product folder contains components related to products.
Added 3 Product components:
- **BlocProduct**: Classic block with text and an image that can be placed on the right or left
- **HeadProduct**: The header of a product page, containing an image, a title, a subtitle, a paragraph, and a button
- **ExposeProduct**: The page to display your products, put whatever you want in it

We're done with React, now moving on to the main part, CSS.

## SCSS

- Overhaul of all variables in the _variables file. The old file is still present under the name _variables_old
- New variables have also been added, along with a new font.

### Components/Base
- Addition of the **_lame** file (refer to the file for more details)
- Modification of **_list**
    - Added `margin: 0` and `padding: 0`, removed the counter
- Modification of **_tag**
    - Removal of status-related classes

### Components/Form
- Addition of 2 sub-classes in the **_input** file
    - `[type='checkbox']`: adds a `margin-left: 5px`
    - `[type='radio']`: adds a `margin-left: 5px`

### Components/Global
- Addition of 2 new sub-classes in the **_a** file
    - `liseret`: displays an underline below the link
    - `bulle`: displays a bubble around the link
- Addition of the **_alignment** file, containing sub-classes related to alignment
    - `left`: left alignment
    - `center`: center alignment
    - `right`: right alignment
- Addition of the **_img** file, containing sub-classes related to images
    - `img_border`: displays a border around the image
    - `img_rounded`: displays the image with a `border-radius: 10px`
- Numerous color-related changes in the **_status** file, it now only includes the following classes:
    - `primary`
    - `secondary`
    - `default`
    - `white`
    - `success`
    - `infos`
    - `warning`
    - `critical`
- It is still used with the sub-classes `bg-color` - `border` - `important`

### Components/Modules
### General
- Minor modifications to all classes
- Addition of the **_tabs** class (refer to the file for more details)

### Navigation
- Minor modifications to **_navbar** and **_breadcrumb**
- Addition of the **_footer** file (refer to the file for more details)
- Addition of the **_headbar** file (refer to the file for more details)

### Product
- Addition of the **_bloc_product** file (refer to the file for more details)
- Addition of the **_expose_product** file (refer to the file for more details)
- Addition of the **_head_product** file (refer to the file for more details)

**Each** component is available in **mobile**, **tablet**, and **desktop** versions.
---

## [0.2.0] - 01-06-2023

### Added
#### React
- **Breadcrumb**: Added component.
- **Tag**: Added component.

#### SCSS
- **_breadcrumb.scss**: Added class `bread`.
- **_tag.scss**: Added class `tag`.

### Updated
#### React
- Changed Notification for Alert.
- **Alert**: Added props `type` and `icon`, and changed `del` to `cross`.

#### SCSS
- **_variables.scss**: Added `$bg-notif: #1F2937;` and `$color-default: #1F2937;`, and new color for variables status.
- **_alert.scss**: Updated class and added class type.
- **_bloc_information.scss**: Updated variable color.
- **_status.scss**: Updated class.
- Added Global scss for general style.

### Removed
#### React
- **Skills**: Removed component.

#### SCSS
- **_skills.scss**: Removed file.

---

## [0.1.0] - 01-06-2023

### SCSS:

---

### Added
#### Components
##### Base:
- Button
- Content
- List
- Img
- Title
- Wrapper

##### Bloc:
- ProgressBar
- BlocInformation
- Cards
- NavBar
- Alert
- Skills

##### Form:
- Input
- InputSelect

#### Utils
- Variables
- Base
- Bootstrap
- Responsive

### React:

---

### Added
#### Components
##### Base:
- Button
- Content
- List
- Img
- Title
- Wrapper

##### Bloc:
- ProgressBar
- BlocInformation
- Cards
- NavBar
- Alert
- Skills

##### Form:
- Input
- InputSelect

More information will be provided in the next changelog.
